# HOW TO CONTRIBUTE NOW

#### WARNING:
Before contributing we suggest to download the free demo version of the philosophical-quiz-board-game (no registration required) in our website (https://championsrenaissance.com/shop/). You can see the two video tutorials in YouTube to learn how to play in (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvjSXRls4qmi2DdgbDb9iaA). We also suggest to read the Champion's Renaissance book. (It contain the long answers of the 94 questions). You can read for free an extract of the book in the website as well (https://championsrenaissance.com/book-extract-with-no-registration/). We also encourage to read the King Neo New Renaissance Movement page to discover more about its values and motivation (https://championsrenaissance.com/king-neo-new-renaissance-movement/) and the GitHub Open-Source Projects page (https://championsrenaissance.com/github-open-source-projects/). 

## INTRODUCTION

After this introduction read below a 3 STEP guide on how to contribute to produce your video. The first thing you need to understand is that each video is made of two parts. Let us begin explaining the first part. The first part of the video is a short part (near 10% of its length). It contains the text of one question and answer. (The contributor can choose one of the 94 questions and answers from the "94QuestionsAndAnswersText" document in the main). The number, question and answer must be shown in the video in text and/or with voice. The text cannot be changed because the questions and answers are under the CC BY-ND license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/legalcode). This license lets others reuse the work for any purpose, including commercially; however, it cannot be shared with others in adapted form (no changes allowed) and credit must be provided to the original. But images can be added in connection to the original text. The reasonable attribution required for the videos is to mention the philosophic-quiz-game in them and a link to download it. (See the "ExampleVideoTextCreation" document in the main). That is all you need to know about the first part of each video. Now let us explain the second part of it. In the second part of each video (around 90% of its lenght), you can add more text for a better explanation of the question and answer, that is, text to enrich its understanding and scope. Creators can write about some paticular aspect to enhance the question and answer, for example, from a historic, scientific, politic, atistic or other point of view. The text of the second part of the video can also be a short story for an animated (5 to 10 minutes) short-film, similar tot the Oscar's category films. Invent a story is another way to explain the question and answer of your choice. Whatever the case, we suggest to read the long answers of the questions in the Champion's Renaissance book for a better understanding of the context. We also suggest to make a simple story-board for the whole video. You must write (text between parenthesis) the desciptions of the images, animations, sounds and music. This second part of each video is under the CC BY-SA license. (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode). This license lets others remix, adapt, and build upon your work even for commercial purposes, as long as they credit the original (in this case to mention the philosophic-quiz-game and a link to download it) and you and license your new creation under the identical terms. This license is often compared to “copyleft” free and open source software licenses. All new works based on yours will carry the same license, so any derivatives will also allow commercial use. This is the license used by Wikipedia, and is recommended for materials that would benefit from incorporating content from Wikipedia and similarly licensed projects.
    
We are done with the introduction. Now let us go to the practice. Before all, you need to fork this repository and clone it into your own account. You will make the changes there and after you will pull a request.
    
After forking this repository, follow this 3 SIMPLE STEPS.

## STEP 1: Build the TEXT-FORMAT (text in two parts):

####    TEXT PART 1 (CC BY-ND license)
1.	In the main, open the "94QuestionsAndAnswersText" document.
2.	Choose one of the 94 questions for the text of your video (copy the whole text with its number).
3.	Open the "TEXT-FORMAT" document in the main. Paste the text of the question and answer at the top, under the title “PART 1”. (Write between parenthesis the description of the images and audios you would like to connect them to. Be sure to follow the luxury-aesthetic-conditions of this license (read the "LuxuryAestethicConditions" documents in the main)).
4.	Next, paste the "attribution text" of your choice. Choose one text from the "AttributionTextOptions" document in the main. Choose, copy and paste one of the text options below "PART 1" in the "TEXT-FORMAT" document of the main. After pasting the text of the question and answer with its number, write (between parenthesis) the description of the images and audios you want to connect them to. Remember to follow the luxury-aesthetic-conditions described in the "LuxuryAestheticConditions" document in the main. This luxury-aesthetic-conditions document is part of this license. 

#### TEXT PART 2 (CC BY-SA license plus luxury-aesthetic-conditions)
1.	Create your own text for a better explanation of the text of part 1. Choose the text you like. It can be a didactic educational animation, or an audio-visual abstract using shapes explanation, or a story of a short film with animated characters. Whatever your choice, be sure it is connected to the text of part 1 and enhance the explanation. We suggest to read the long answer in the book to expand your knowledge of the answer. (After you have the text of the 2nd part of the video, one more time, write between parenthesis the description of the images and audios you want to connect them to and, again, be sure to follow the luxury-aesthetic-conditions).
2.	Write the text of your attribution (your name or company) and repeat the attribution you choose for part 1. (See the "ExampleVideoFormatText" document in the main).
3.	Once you have ended all the text in the format, save it in the folder of the main called "TextFormatsArchive". Save it as follows. First, identify the number of the question, for example, question 1 (q_1). Then, if your name is John and your last name Doe, add it to the question number after naming the text of your video. In this example, the complete name of your document containing the text of your video would be (q_1_TheNameOfTextOfMyVideo_JohnDoe.html). Save it in the proper folder. The “q_1” folder contains the contributors’ formats texts for question 1; the “q_2” folder contains the contributors’ formats texts for question 2 and so forth.

## STEP 2: Create your visual and audio material

1.	Create your own audio or visual creations, or be sure not to use others under copyright. Be sure to follow the luxury-aesthetic-conditions (read the "LuxuryAestethicConditions" documents in the main).
2.	Identify each document with (a) the number of the question, (b) the name to the file and (c) your name (in the following examples, your name will be John and lastname Doe). For images use, for example: “q_1_WhiteRose_JohnDoe.png” or “q_1_SailboatSailingDroneView_JohnDoe.jpge”. For music: “q_1_BachOperture_JohnDoe.mp3”. For sound: “q_1_BigBenBell_JohnDoe.mp3”. For animations: q_1_PyramidAllegoryAnimation_JohnDoe.blend in case for a Blender animation. Follow the same criteria with other format files or extensions.
3.  Store the document in the proper folder in the main (images, animations, draws, blender, etc.).

## STEP 3: Edition 
Edit your video in a video editor of your preference and upload the video to YouTube (without making it public). Make a pull request showing the link of the YouTube video so the maintainers can see it. Make changes if maintainers requires to. Repeat the process untill the video is approved by the maintainers. Then upload the video to YouTube and change its status to PUBLIC. After that, pull a request to save and store the link of your final video in the "ListOfApprovedVideos" folder in the main. (It contains 94 sub-folders, one per question). To save and store your video name it as follows. For example, id the video is about question number one, use (Q-1) at the beginning of the name, then, the name, for instance (MindMolds) and at the ned your name (JohnDoe). So, if you choose "Mind Molds" as the name of your video (in relation to question number one), the whole name of the document in the "ListOfApprovedVideos" should be: "Q-1_MindMolds_JohnDoe.mp4". (Put the YouTube link at its side between parenthesis, so any contributor can click it to see it in YouTube). Be sure to save the name of your video in the proper folder of the 94 sub-folders of the "ListOfApprovedVideos" folder in the main. If maintainers requires, follow their observations to change the name or save your video in the proper folder. Finally, pull the final request.

