# ExceptionalMindGame (under construction)
Welcome! In this Open Source Project repository we use the best "explainer-video-software" to explain one question and answer (one per video) of the 94 questions and answers of a philosophic-quiz-game (called Exceptional Mind) and its book of answers (called Champion's Renaissance). Both were created by the architect and writer Charles Kocian). We invite collaborators to use free software as Powtoon, Wideo, Animaker, Biteable, Lumen5, RawShorts, VideoScribe, MySimpleShow, Moovly, Ease Sketch Pro and similar. Other software like Clipchamp, Davinci Resolve, Blender, Godot and other can be used as well. We invite artists, painters, designers, architects, musicians, video editors and similar persons to show their unique talents producing the best "explainer-videos" for each question and answer of the philosophic-quiz-game. (Each video has between 2 to 5 minutes length, and 5 to 10 minutes in case of a short film that can be presented to the Oscars). Each video has a simple format with two parts. Let us begin explaining the first part. The first part of the video is a short part. It contains the text of one question and answer. (The contributor can choose one of the 94 questions and answers from a folder that will be available in the main). The text and numbers of the questions and answers cannot be changed because they are under the CC-BY-ND license (CREATIVE COMMONS ATTRIBUTION-NODERIVATIVES 4.0 INTERNATIONAL PUBLIC LICENSE), but images can be added in connection to the text. The attribution required of this license is to mention the philosophic-quiz-game and a link to buy it. The text of the question and its answer can be shown in the creation of a video. It can be written and/or with a voice. That is all you need to know about the first part of each video. Now let us explain how to make the second part. In the second part of each video, (after the first part of the video is ready or in its way), collaborators are allowed to use more text in connection to the text of the question and answer, to enrich the explanation of the answer and its scope. Creators are allowed to choose their own perspective to add more text to explain the question and answer, or to underline some aspect, e.g., historic, general, particular or biology aspect, or tell a short story to explain the answer, etc. (We suggest creators to make a simple story-board for the whole video to use it as reference). Collaborators also can add images, animations, sounds and music to the text. The second part of each video is under the CC-BY-SA license (Share alike). (CREATIVE COMMONS ATTRIBUTION-SHAREALIKE 4.0 INTERNATIONAL PUBLIC LICENSE). This license allows to distribute derivative works only under a license identical to ("not more restrictive than") the license that governs the original work. This CC-BY-SA only applies to the second part of each video. The whole video, with its two parts together, again and to be out of doubt, has the purpose to produce the best explainer-videos of the 94 questions and answers, that is, for a deeper comprehension and a wider spread of them, and also to generate a philosophic educational conversation of their topics in social media. So, we invite collaborators who use different "explainer-video-software", from programmers to artists to express their talents. The videos will be publicly ranked (or voted) to know which are the best ones. (Perhaps a contest and prize can exist in the future if we find sponsors for this). This is what we do and how we do it, but there is a unique condition. The only condition to produce these videos, (that include part one and two), is to follow a luxury-aesthetic-standard. This means that we want to produce high quality videos, with the highest aesthetics references, such as of Leonardo Da Vinci, Michelangelo, Botticelli, Mozart and the arts of ancient Athens. In short, the purpose of this repository (and community) is to create the highest quality luxury aesthetics videos, to explain, (one by one), the 94 questions and answers of the philosophic-quiz-game. The game, this repository and its community is the heart of the King Neo New Renaissance Movement, which feat is to ease human species evolution to excellence perfecting the morality of reason. Discover its values in the www.championsrenaisance.com website. The best way to begin to contribute here is to familiarize with the philosophic-quiz-game. For that, we suggest to download the free demo in our website and see the two video tutorials in YouTube to learn how to play. 
